I Want to Describe myself. 
My Name is Hanas Bayu Pratama.
My Age is 25 Years.
My Domicile is in Jatiasih, West Java, Indonesia.

My Education. 
I'm a fresh graduate of  Asia E-University Malaysia. 

I majored in Diploma I in Computer from the Jakarta State Polytechnic for having a high interest in the world of computers. While studying at the Department of Computer Engineering at the Jakarta State Polytechnic. I
learn about using Linux and Internet Security.


After I graduated with a diploma from the Jakarta State Polytechnic. I took NIIT Diploma 2 Major in the Faculty of Engineering
University of Indonesia with a Concentration in Software Engineering and the Department of Informatics Engineering at ASIA E University Malaysia.
The knowledge that I got when I studied Software Engineering when I made Websites and Android Applications for Event Organizers
with a good User Interface and integrated with the Firebase Database.

I had organizational experience when I was still studying for Diploma I at the Jakarta State Polytechnic. I follow the Friends of Sahabat PNJ.
My activities in the community are learning basic website programming such as HTML, CSS, Javascript, and PHP.
then learn for the first time how to use the CSS Framework, namely Bootstrap, and the Javascript Library, namely JQuery.


Then, when studying for the NIIT Diploma at the Faculty of Engineering, University of Indonesia
I became a Web Developer mentor at the FTUI Android Community where I teach
Teach new students how to make a website from basics to Laravel.

For my achievements

In 2019 I won 3rd place in the Komandro Startup Class hackathon competition. I and my colleagues created a parenting application for parents who care about their child's development. 
in 2020 my team and I passed the selection to become participants in the FIND IT 2020 hackathon held by UGM. On Sunday 23 August 2020 my team and I presented a customer service-themed mobile application to the jury. I and my team succeeded in becoming a FIND IT UGM Hackathon Finalist.

At the end of 2021 and at the beginning of 2022, my team and I participated in the hackathon organized by BCA. we make applications that can help banks grow better.

I believe my work experience and the knowledge that I gained while studying on campus can help companies grow and develop.